doc: update template funcs docs (#414)
helmfile/helmfile: docs/templating_funcs.md

{{ $fileContent := readFile "./myfile" }}
```

#### `readDir`

> the `readDir` function reads the files within provided directory path. (folders are excluded)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `readDir` function returns a list of the relative paths to the files contained within the directory. (No folders included. Use `readDirEntries` if you need folders too)
```

```yaml
{{ range $index,$item := readDir "./testdata/tmpl/sample_folder/" }}
  {{- $itemSplit := splitList  "/" $item -}}
  {{- if contains "\\" $item -}}
  {{- $itemSplit = splitList "\\" $item -}}
  {{- end -}}
  {{- $itemValue := $itemSplit | last -}}
  {{- $itemValue -}}
{{- end -}}
```

#### `readDirEntries`

> The `readDirEntries` Returns a list of [https://pkg.go.dev/os#DirEntry](DirEntry) within provided directory path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `readDirEntries` returns a list of [https://pkg.go.dev/os#DirEntry](DirEntry) contained within the directory
```

I'm not a native English speaker/writer either but I guess perhaps this might be read easier 😁
